Iraqis continue protesting to condemn
and denounce the bombardment of Gaza the
bombardment of civilians in Gaza here in
tah Square the main Square in the Iraqi
Capital Bagdad hundreds have gathered to
call on the Iraqi government to boycott
all
countries standing with Israel all
countries supporting the military
campaign against Gaza and also to
condemn as they said
the United States for standing as a
major supporter of Israel's bombardment
campaign against Gaza this comes after a
funeral was held in Baghdad for those
who were killed by US air strikes on
Wednesday the air strikes targeted
locations of Iran bagged Iraqi
paramilitary popular mobilization units
the US Central Command says their
strikes are in retaliation of dozens of
attacks carried out by iran-backed armed
groups and targeted us and Coalition
forces military facilities both in Syria
and Iraq since October the
17th on Friday the US Treasury
Department sanctioned a number of Iran B
individuals in Iraq it says that they
are behind the dozens of attacks that
targeted us and Coalition forces
military facilities since October the
17th mamm Abdul Al jaaz bdad